template: Make PR template more task oriented (#1224)
node-fetch/node-fetch: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Thanks for contributing! -->

## Purpose

> ...

Reviewer: Should either be a comment or nothing at all.

```suggestion

```

## Changes

> ...

Reviewer: Same as for the `Purpose` section.

Author: You really seems to like it to be short? :P 
Like if it isn't shorter already then compare to what it initially [was](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/node-fetch/node-fetch/1bd848b6329a68981ab9d9b98eb552f3540ae4a7/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)

i still prefer ... as a indication to "write text here"  but fine, i will cave in and change all your suggestions

Reviewer: Yes, it's always better to convey more information in less words.

Author: Maybe can remove `- [ ] I updated ./docs/v3-UPGRADE-GUIDE`
it's pretty much done already...

or change it to `- [ ] I updated ./docs/v4-UPGRADE-GUIDE` :P perhaps too early?

## Additional information
...

___

> <!-- Mark what you have done, Remove unnecessary ones. Add new tasks that may fit (like TODO's) -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Mark the ones you have done and remove unnecessary ones. Add new tasks that fit (like TODOs). -->
```

- [ ] I updated ./docs/CHANGELOG.md with a link to this PR or Issue
- [ ] I updated ./docs/v3-UPGRADE-GUIDE

> - [ ] I updated the README.md

Reviewer: Either

```suggestion
- [ ] I updated README.md
```

or

```suggestion
- [ ] I updated the readme
```

- [ ] I added unit test(s)

___

> <!-- Add a `- fix #_NUMBER_` line for every PR/Issue this PR solves. Do not comma separate them -->
> - fix #000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add `- Fixes #_NUMBER_` line for every PR/Issue this PR solves. Do not comma separate them. -->
- Fixes #000
```

Author: changed it, but just as you know gh supports many different variant of fix, fixes, close, closes etc

<!-- Thanks for contributing! -->

> ## The purpose of this PR is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Purpose
```

...

> ## This is what had to change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changes
```

...

> ## This is what like reviewers to know:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional information
```

...

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure this will do the same thing.

```suggestion
___
```

Author: It will, just thought it did look nicer when it was longer...

Reviewer: The raw version of the readme should be optimised for usability instead of readability.

<!-- Mark what you have done, Remove unnecessary ones. Add new tasks that may fit (like TODO's) -->

> - [ ] I prefixed the PR-title with `docs: `, `fix(area): `, `feat(area): ` or `breaking(area): `

Reviewer: At the moment, some of the currently open PRs follow this rule and the others don't. Since most of the commits currently on `master` don't use this convention, it would probably make sense to remove this rule.

Author: We could start normalizing it?

Reviewer: I'm personally against conventional commit messages but I digress. It depends what the other maintainers also want.

Author: I do not have any strong opinion either. 
We can do whatever the next maintainer/reviewer has to say about it.

Reviewer 2: Personally one thing I think is hard when contributing to many different projects is keeping track on what to put in the `area` part, and sometimes a change touches multiple parts of the library. I also have never understood what it's used for.

In my own projects I use [emoji-commit](https://github.com/LinusU/emoji-commit) which would be the equivalent of only using `docs: `, `fix: `, `feat: `, or `breaking: ` (although `docs` might not be the best since it doesn't cover e.g. linting, or other changes that doesn't affect the published package). I then have scripts which automatically bumps the appropriate patch/minor/major, and generates the change log.

If we are doing anything with the information, e.g. automatic bump/publish/changelog, then it's of course great. But if not, then the benefit is not as obvious. Especially the `(area)` part, would love some info on what the purpose of that is!

Anyhow, I don't have a strong opinion either way ☺️

Author: > In my own projects I use emoji-commit

lol, so that is why some commits messages looks so funky sometimes. 

> If we are doing anything with the information, e.g. automatic bump/publish/changelog, then it's of course great. But if not, then the benefit is not as obvious.

Agree with you here. It's mostly for automation. My intention was that it would be easy for us reviewer to easily know if a PR is a bugfix, new feature or if something is breakage. A simple github label would be sufficient.

I was thinking area could be something like:
- feat(Body.formData) - Support decompiling bodies back to FormData
- fix(FormData Encoder) - Made the encoder more spec compatible

Tried doing a little bit like Deno's PR: https://github.com/denoland/deno/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed

Author: Can remove it... There might be times where the prefix also don't make sense.

- [ ] I updated ./docs/CHANGELOG.md with a link to this PR or Issue
- [ ] I updated ./docs/v3-UPGRADE-GUIDE
- [ ] I updated the README.md

> - [ ] I Added unit test(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I added unit test(s)
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> <!-- Add a `- fix #_NUMBER_` line for every PR/Issue this PR solves. Don't comma separate them -->

Reviewer: "do not" is a more formal way of saying "don't". Unless it is not what we're aiming for.

```suggestion
<!-- Add a `- fix #_NUMBER_` line for every PR/Issue this PR solves. Do not comma separate them -->
```

Author: > "do not" is a more formal way of saying "don't". Unless it is not what we're aiming for.

Can revert it. 

Could you explain what the differens is (by example)?  I'm not a native english speaker... I have Always thought they meant the exact same thing and it was just a shorter way of writing something.

Reviewer: They do indeed mean the same thing but abbreviations have a reputation for being used in more informal contexts, or so my English teacher says.

Author: Thanks.
